-267-

2022, No.316

8h
<7 Bipnr, didlingintean atom
Aiscringkant, dort jeris yang digueskac
dalam peacetopan, seirynemakans,
owangion, sims, Alou untuk
lrmela tid, Fungchiia, sain tulaain
serupes

~~ ~~ Dari janis yang dtpunalan ai
frmass

os talnulnin, amgnr, docinginican mime
ken

~~ Lain-lnin, dibeulan

Je + Ha) flail Ba here) prided, heey
lermasik rektsr'n} utma plum

deinm vontuk peict menpun tidak,

-Tepury, east da pelet Racer ne

© Lak Quik wom Sepung RYU Cine

«Sod pekelh, guktinal dew pckia.

J Lendix dan pemaentad, elimuntilibees
remupun tink, easel dori produc

19
<=> Freah, chilled or dried. of a iri
used in dyeing, treming, perfumery,
[ereneey, oF far intonlickdel, Mngielilal
or simile
Purposes =

~ ++ Of lund wacd tn plaemsey

++ Otter, fest, tiled o cried

Other, dozen
Looust berms fonret)

Sugar care +
Skritabsic for pinnticw:

+s Boones and kemels of apriont, peach
Tine hadi, neetartensl or plum

|-- - Other

Cereal strow and husks, uapreparsd,
Juhether or mot chopped, grownd,
preaiod er in the fem af pullees.

Swedes, mangrlds, fodder rootx, bey,
lowes me [wiCabfal, clover, satafoon,
(azage keake, ltpinas, veteber end
stmatiar forge products, whothar o7
wot in the forw ef pelicts.

= Lucene fablallap meal aed pellets

» Giher
Las; aatarad Qimns, resiaw, Qameresing
wail eloctasins [fer onatple, balsamsh

- Gum Arabic

- Other :

- - Cannabis tesina

oe

-- Other

[Vegetabtc rags sad extracts; pestis
substances, peutinates aod pte tutes,
agar-ngar and other orucllages and
Shivkemers, whether ox wet modified,
derived {roms vegetable pregoets.

-- OF epheelen
L- Other =
= Besta ln ape intel geo <6 enttnhin

www.peraturan.go.id
