2022, No.316

-400-

4417.20.60
S817 20.00

F817 0.00

- AmaloD
+ Karey, cues, barn gen pokes dus kei
kearesiounelenst

| Keetas woes,
|. Samu Langan, dba prunberalh ata dint:

(ttguneles di leamter, 41 tale tat
ecjanisnyo.

+ Rardue, foot dro pelt, dart hiertoy
inten kertan knrton berpelombene

[- Kereta, huatale din gets IIo, eat

J Kaintong da ims, neuempaneryad taser
tempat “3 rm mt bebe

> anteng dan tas ininnye, termesuk
jcerve

+ Gotwk ureip, cucepin aural, eval
ponvonperan ler by rang erect OO

Jenks wang digannkwn dl kurtar, st
tole atu ejentanye

+ Veiler cards, plkin postcards and
comearonderss canis

> Boron, pouches, wallbts and writing
cosupendiues, of paper cr paperboard.
comulning an ausctment ef papes
stanauety

‘Toilet paper and similar papat,
calivlose wadding or wera of collalose
Nbves, Of « Rod used for hoosehadd or
santtury purposes, (= valle of « width
‘Rot ancovding 6 cm, oF emt te size oF
shape; hasdherckich, clensalng
theses, toorela, cal

serviottes, bed shoots ond similar
Aousehold, sanitary of bexpital
ertichea, astioins of apparel nad
cTotthing eccesvacies, of peper pulp,
papes, eullulose endding ot webs of
ogllulere fires,

- Toset paper
- Handitcrctieta, clcanaing ar facal
Unnaaen amit tome

< Wahvetachy ond seievieutie ¢

= Carture, biome anid ens of
lcurraredied miner o egertion til

- Folding cartons, boxes and eases, of
necrevrrugnted papne ae pype raced

- Sucks and tags, having a hase ofa
witli of 40 ein av iwace

+ Other mackn ail bre, including exes

- Gther pecking coneriners, arcteiling
record aleeves

- Pox Mies, loner mays, ssomge boxes
and souiler arickes, of n kind wad
loflines. shops ot thie tile

www.peraturan.go.id
