2022, No.316

2385
2a

yr
238K

aM
m0

a1

me

he

795

2206

2307

aN

2500
2400

FIVE TU
2908.62.00

UH, LIS

-314-

-— Hidrekcnen flenel) dau goramnyn

- - 4.4 Inopeopiidonadstenal (uastenal A,

ldiscsbe)panpavay dan garamny

vengeausi Pategen dan jaranuyys +

e+ Hemlaklunibena! 805

~~ Lain- bin

-takahin :

<= Dinos /150) dun gorse

+ Sri Mnitrenoclereng! (MAO |ESO%

- Ber ssiklin dan turanan halogena si,
valiprass, nerasi atau ritroraszya :

«= iatil ete
- Lois ain
haere niklani, eee siklnnike anu olor
iichaterpenize Jagm tarunirs biker,
Jauelloruen’, citrveni vm rlbreanisingn

ume wromatik clan tisrunse halogancl,

aullenari, nitrwsi ina Wilrosre ize,

> Mwealbsbel dant tuwonne halogenses,
suttomarst, mileust yliv nilsoscsleny

+ + Mrnualkileges decane dan etitenn
faltcol sti sluri dietitenss ylikvl

- Hierenal, eteralinahe-fenal dan
feucuansim Ciaran’, otic, alte
atom nstroennicpe

= Alnobc perckauin, ever peruse,
tal dan hemiaretd perokexin, kewn

perekcaila dass torunan balepcomsi,

ullvrcied, ratied acs evitoEae LS

ethers, ctheralechcls, ether-phencls,
echor-aloodal-phenols, alcohol
peroniides, etbor perorides, acetal and
fbemienetal peroxides, kntane
peromides (wheter oF sat chesaically
defined], and thelr halogenated,
sulphensted, nitrated ar alteocated
dectvativer.

- Aeyelie ethers and thelr halagenaced,
snlpbonatcd, mirstes or mxresates
deriumuwes +

++ Diethyl her

-- Other

+ Cychink, eyslonlr or eycknierpentc
ethers ahd thai bubpeer ited,
sulphurwiol. nitewied or niles int
ctecivenivew

+ Armnatle thers ard thei bikgensitiel,
matnhumy tel, mitmeted or milo hoe
natives

} Stheralcolele ond thelr btagcensed,
sulphonate, nlindert op nics tet
derivates >
- = 2,2-Oxpiethuanl Hlicthytene glycol,
eigal}
- - Mauabutyl ethers of ettyytenc g2ycct or|
jet @cdhykene phere

» Other monoallyethers of ethylene
alveut a7 of diethylene glyent

Aileated ar oMeasated derivatives

- ALohul peroxides, ether peromdca,
nail and bumiaedod paenvices, ketene
peromales ard Uhes tikyyenatel,
aulpboaated, atimted oF cikro swell
dorvranves:

www.peraturan.go.id
